httpx: instrument transport instead of client (#3106)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx` Instrument transport instead of HTTPX client

Author: ```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-httpx` Add the `is_instrumented` flag to the transport
```
